This directory is an add-on for the GNU C Library (glibc).
It provides additional ports to machines and/or operating systems that are
not maintained in the official glibc source tree.

The scripts in the top level of this directory provide the infrastructure
necessary for a glibc add-on.  You can make a new add-on containing one or
more ports by copying configure, configure.in, and Makeconfig into your own
add-on directory, which you can give any name (it doesn't have to be
`ports').  You may want to include a README and Banner of your own talking
about your port's code in particular, rather than the generic ones here.

The real source code for any ports is found in the sysdeps/ subdirectories.
These should be exactly what would go into the main libc source tree if you
were to incorporate it directly.  The only exceptions are the files
sysdeps/*/preconfigure and sysdeps/*/preconfigure.in; these are fragments
used by this add-on's configure fragment.  The purpose of these is to set
$base_machine et al when the main libc configure's defaults are not right
for some machine.  Everything else can and should be done from a normal
sysdeps/.../configure fragment that is used only when the configuration
selects that sysdeps subdirectory.  Each port that requires some special
treatment before the sysdeps directory list is calculated, should add a
sysdeps/CPU/preconfigure file; this can either be written by hand or
generated by Autoconf from sysdeps/CPU/preconfigure.in, and follow the
rules for glibc add-on configure fragments.  No preconfigure file should do
anything on an unrelated configuration, so that disparate ports can be put
into a single add-on without interfering with each other.

Like all glibc add-ons, the only way to use this is to place this directory
(just a symlink won't do) inside the top-level glibc source directory.
Then include the name of this directory (e.g. `ports') when you specify
`--enable-add-ons=...' to glibc's configure (or use just --enable-add-ons
to have it try every add-on directory sitting in your source tree).

If you find problems with the top-level scripts in this add-on, please go
to http://sources.redhat.com/bugzilla/ and file a report for the glibc
under the "admin" component.


$Id: README,v 1.1 2004/08/05 03:46:43 roland Exp $
